document rw_catalog (#1005)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/system-catalogs/rw_catalog.md

---
id: rw_catalog
slug: /rw_catalog
title: RisingWave catalogs
---

> RisingWave catalogs are tables that store the matadata of system schemas, such as information about the progress of a DDL command or about the snapshots of the RisingWave Meta service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RisingWave catalogs include some system tables and views that contain metadata about different relations in the system as well as some information about the cluster jobs and status. The metadata is basically about each database, schema and relation like materialized view, table, source, sink, index and view in the system, and the status information includes things like the progress of a DDL command, system snapshot etc.
```

Reviewer: Since we are going to introduce more system tables and views under it, let's make the description more summative. 😄
